In this section, we will talk about some of the prerequisites you need
for fully grasping the concepts and implementing them in this course.
As a prerequisite, you must have basic Kubernetes knowledge,
such as how to deploy a basic Kubernetes cluster, basics of Pods, Replica Sets, Deployments,
and Services in Kubernetes.
If you are new to Kubernetes, I would recommend starting with
our Kubernetes for Beginners course. We will, however, recap some concepts
that are important to understand Service Meshes and Istio, such as Kubernetes services,
sidecars, and Envoy proxy. If you are already familiar with these,
feel free to skip this section and go straight into the introduction of Istio.
On a side note, you don't necessarily need to set up a Kubernetes cluster
while going through this course, as you will be using the lab environment that comes with this
course. However, we have some demos that will help you set up your own environment
if you would like to try a local setup.